Feature: Pagination Buttons and Select (#50)
lightelligence-io/styles: src/components/V2Button/V2Button.md

<button class="olt-V2Button olt-V2Button--secondary olt-V2Button-icon-right olt-Icon-action-add-default olt-Icon--small">Default</button>
<button class="olt-V2Button olt-V2Button--tertiary olt-V2Button-icon-right olt-Icon-action-add-default olt-Icon--small">Default</button>
```

## Pagination

> The pagination use-case is an exeption from the above button rules and uses the `olt-V2Button--pagination-prev` and `olt-V2Button--pagination-next` modifiers. This will show an icon on the left or right of the label and render the button as secondary. It also reduces the horizontal padding around the text by 50%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pagination use-case is an exception from the above button rules and uses the `olt-V2Button--pagination-prev` and `olt-V2Button--pagination-next` modifiers. This will show an icon on the left or right side of the label and render the button as secondary. It also reduces the horizontal padding around the text by 50%.
```
